[Music]
he is talking to the fish alone
suddenly two bear kids sprang out seeing
the boy being bullied
shark is angry bumped up hard
shark emotional glass cracked people are
shocked
i saw the boy stretch out a hand for a
moment the shark calmed down immediately
he opened his eyes pupils turned golden
in the aquarium
all the fish ran over it turns out boys
have super powers
can communicate with fish his name is
arthur father is an ordinary person
one night father by the sea picked up a
beauty this beauty is a little weird
take a fishing fork infinite
hungry put a goldfish into your mouth ah
are you hungry i will cook a bowl of
noodles for you
it turns out she is the mermaid queen of
atlantis
in order to escape marriage ran to the
shore in the process of getting along
the two looked right soon little arthur
is born
a family of three live happily together
however
unexpected
king of the sea sent someone to find the
door for the safety of my son and
husband
the queen chooses to return to the ocean
since then disappeared
arthur was different since childhood
childhood he can communicate with fish
grow up he found he could breathe
underwater swim faster than fish
can also control fish wow
this day an old man popped out of the
sea said it was his mother's subordinate
to teach him kung fu since then the old
man became his mentor
the two took root fishing and fought at
the beach again
end game after playing end game the old
man told the truth
it turned out that mom went back to the
sea married the king
also gave birth to a master after that
the king discovered the existence of
arthur
out of jealousy the king threw mother
into the trench fed the fish
when arthur heard it he was angry he
picked up the fishing fork
threw it over since then he never saw
this old man again
ten years later a group of pirates
hijacked a military submarine
the pirate leader is very clever killed
a lot of crew
suddenly the submarine shook
a strong man carrying a submarine fly
out of the water
the man solves the pirates rescued the
trapped crew
he is arthur when he grows up arthur now
not only powerful
invulnerable wet tickling even
cannonballs
can't hurt him at all
these years he has a knight on the
surface of the sea has a small
reputation
can there are still people who don't
have long eyes come to trouble
are you the murloc from tv
what do you want to do
can i take a photo with you
this pink phone case worthy of being a
macho exclusive
that night arthur drove dad home i saw a
huge wave on the seashore
struck toward the shore car caught in
the waves he was thrown out
dad and car missing arthur is crazy
looking everywhere in the water
crisis blue light flashed by two
i saw a beauty out of the huge waves she
controls the sea
vehicle found saved my father the beauty
is called mela
is a princess under the sea she asked
arthur i hope you will return to the
seabed to inherit the throne
save the world because his half-brother
the army is being assembled
intend to attack land mermaid lives in
the sea
they originally lived on land excellent
country masters are too striving for
power
made a golden fork raid created a golden
trident
don't make a golden 3 halberd the result
is a disaster
the sea swallowed everything atlantis
sank to the bottom of the sea
they split into seven countries some
people have evolved
become a mermaid possess superpowers
some people degenerate
became a savage monster now this group
of mermaids get together
planning to attack land four players
intend to attack land
these years people on land dump garbage
into the ocean
cause sea water pollution ecological
degradation the living environment of
mermaid
become difficult the new king is a very
man big hand wave
create a tsunami through all the garbage
back
right now he is gathering the army to
unify the undersea state
then destroy the terrestrial people
to prevent this disaster arthur found
his mentor to discuss
old man said want to save the situation
only find the golden trident
become aquaman finished gave arthur an
iron box
clue of the trident just inside suddenly
border guard broke in
large number of enemies arthur was
caught wait for him to open his eyes
i saw my half-brother the new king of
atlantis
the two can understand each other
talking going to fight
but arthur was born unfamiliar not used
to fighting in the water
soon defeated the weapon in his hand was
also interrupted
emergency moment mela came saved his
life
the two fled in a spaceship countless
sea races are chasing behind
soon the spacecraft was knocked down
seeing to fall into the magma
last minute they escaped
arthur unleashes superpowers control a
giant whale
hide in its mouth back to the shore
according to the clues
the two came to the sahara looking for
the traces of my three years
in the desert they found the site of one
of the seven atlanta tribes
mela used a drop of water between
arthur's brow activate the image
mechanism
[Music]
the two came to sicily mayla came to
land for the first time
fell in love with this novel world of
wawa
[Music]
two people play and find soon arthur
found a new clue
along the way they are growing in love
suddenly
chasing soldiers arrived a big battle
unfolds enemy equipment is too strong
head-on fight arthur is not an opponent
at all the two fought and fled
mela escapes to the wine cellar ability
burst
a big move kill a group of minions
arthur's pendulum attack solve the
strongest black manta
two with wounds came to the last stop of
the treasure hunt
trench country it's here they were
attacked by sea monsters
ferocious ambush aquaman holding a torch
jump into the sea
surrounded by dense sea monsters scalp
tingling
fortunately sea monster is afraid of
fire two people guarding the fire
escape all the way sea monsters chasing
unexpectedly
torch extinguished this is bad sea
monsters swarmed up
at this time a bright light ahead
thunder and lightning
sea monsters back down arthur has a look
take mela
into the electric light for a moment the
two were dispersed
seeing mela was going to be eaten by a
monster a figure rushed out
saved her life the mysterious man takes
off the mask
arthur was dumbfounded she's a real
mother who has been dead for many years
after more than 20 years mother and son
get together again
arthur mom hug each other
cry it turns out the queen was
sacrificed to the hagout tribe
not dead but the country is here lived
alone for more than 20 years
want to go out can only rely on the
trident but the artifact is guarded by
ancient giants
only the real king to pass the test
asterisk in order to rescue my mother
also to stop the war arthur did not
hesitate into the water curtain hole
it's dark here underground is the site
of the old continent of atlantis
that golden trident shining golden light
right on the throne
he went to get it suddenly a tentacle
burst out
it's at sea monster arthur was played by
it and applauded
seeing to be shot to death last minute
ability burst
just like when i was a kid communicate
with marine life
do you understand me
yes it is the sea monster is very
surprised
all these years except for the first
generation of seeking
arthur is the only one people who can
communicate with it
it is willing to give him a chance
arthur ascends the throne
hold the trident open your eyes
moment for a moment divine power poured
into the body
the power of aquaman awakened
he walked out of the waterfall wearing
gold armor holding a halberd
majestic since then birth of aquaman
the other end the younger brother is
attacking to become a water clan
just get back here he can unify the
whole atlantis
the war is on the verge of the saltwater
tribe is a group of crabs
simple mind well-developed limbs where
is the opponent of this group of elite
soldiers
soon the saltwater king captured seeing
to be defeated
suddenly a giant beast drilled out of
the ground
waved destroy a giant warship faced with
such a behemoth
the army is vulnerable at this time
arthur thought
formed an army of marine life instantly
defeat the mermaid army
after the first war heavy casualties
arthur couldn't bear it
he wants to end the fight as soon as
possible he led his brother out of the
water
singled out fight to the death the two
brothers clash again
this time but on the shore arthur has
the upper hand
three-pointed divine load plus the power
of the divine king played a repressive
strength
the younger brother lost but arthur
didn't kill him because of
mama's back my son under the queen's
persuasion
brother let go of obsession willing to
be punished actually willing to be
punished
and arthur under the witness of everyone
become the new aquaman
this morning father as usual came to the
beach and waited
only this time he waited for a lover
you're back came back
yes it is